that's either
it's a spaceship
coming back from a planet that we hoped
would be our future
[Music]
i have to contact them before it's too
late
hey sanchez yep how about a little
inspiration
enjoy kids
[Music]
[Applause]
my journey has us returning with more
answers than questions
except one question lingers in the air
our last contact with mission control
three weeks we've lost contact with nasa
and everyone else
it's just a glitch you really believe
that
i have to warn them about the conditions
on earth
take a deep breath there is an antenna
that's stronger than ours
we get there they'll hear us is anyone
receiving this it's going to take a walk
outside
comms is still up
[Music]
do you copy
i have to get to that antennae
we made a promise to our families we're
being asked to evacuate
i'm thinking a lot about time why one
person lives a lifetime
another only gets a few years
come in ether this is barbo observatory
are you receiving this
is anyone out there
[Music]
you